# CS-255-Module-8
Final Assignment for CS-255

The DriverPass project was an assignment designed to force students to take a more high-level approach to a system rather than getting deep into code. This project was essentially a planning phase of an overall system where we created multiple diagrams and wrote many schematics of the system in order to make diagram creation much easier and more detailed. The client was an individual who wanted to create a program that allowed customers the chance to study for their state driver's exam through videos, exams, and one-on-one instruction in a vehicle with a driver instructor. This system is similar to BlackBoard or BrightSpace, however, this system also included scheduling which neither of the aforementioned really implement. 

I found that I excelled at the diagram creation and visualizations of the actors and their respective roles/permissions within the system. However, I would revise the UML Class Diagram as I felt that I could have included some more functionality in it. I would also add more inheritance into the system, although I do not see why my current diagram wouldn't work. 

The client's needs were laid out in an interview with the client. This made it pretty easy to determine exactly what was needed, however, we also had to consider the needs of the user and ensure that those needs were implemented. For example, the client never went into great detail as to how students and employees would be implemented within the system. For this issue I implemented the creation of a unique employee or student ID that would be used to modify the schedule, modify an assignment grade, or terminate an employee. Most clients aren't as well versed in system creation as the system creators are and therefore it is important for decisions to be made that will take the client's needs and implement them with modifications as necessary. All of these issues must be considered when creating these diagrams for the system and are best to be determined before code is written. 

My approach to designing software is very instruction based. This means that I would much rather prefer to create a template for the software prior to writing code. However, I know that software creation is never perfect and sometimes the way we plan something isn't how it end up being written. With this in mind, I always allow myself to have options within the system. I also test often, sometimes implementing test cases to ensure that everything works as one cohesive system and requires minimal debugging as I go. In the future I will certainly start creating these diagrams as they not only show inheritance very well, but, they also make permissions and roles much easier to determine and implement with code. 
